Camp Grinlow shut down the year after
our last summer there. I remember the
envelope arriving at the house, the way
my mom read it twice before setting it
down.
That was it. No more summer.
I met Max and Annie there. We were cabin
3 our first year, packed in tight with
five others, none of whom we talked to
anymore.
We weren't friends right away. Max never
shut up. He had a comment for everything
and laughed hardest at his own jokes,
which I found annoying. Annie was a
nerd. She knew all the counselor's names
by day two.
One night, Max and I snuck out during
rest hour to pull a prank on cabin 7.
Annie caught us slipping out and
followed.
We got halfway there before a flashlight
beam caught us across the clearing.
Max bolted. I froze. Annie stepped in
front of me and said she had dropped a
bracelet somewhere near the trail and we
were helping her look for it. The
counselor bought it and we didn't get
written up.
Then
we became close friends.
After camp, the three of us kept in
touch. We borrowed our parents' phone,
sent letters, and eventually got our own
phones.
For a while, we barely saw each other.
Then we ended up at colleges close
enough to take a train. After that, it
just stuck.
Max found a clip of drone video of the
camp on a hiking channel and sent it to
our group chat.
The place looked gutted.
Most of the cabins were collapsing and
the docks were reduced to their frames.
My stomach dropped.
All the things that made the place feel
alive, campfires, night hikes, the games
we played
were gone.
My phone buzzed with a message from
Annie.
I kind of miss it. You miss cold showers
and sunstroke. Max replied. I miss what
it was like being there. She wrote with
you two.
The chat went quiet after that. I typed
something and deleted it. A few minutes
later, Max replied with, "We should go."
Annie replied, "Seriously?"
"Yeah, why not? One night camp like we
used to."
I thought Max was messing around. Then I
thought about it and didn't hate the
idea.
We'd had fun there as kids, so why
wouldn't we now? Going back as adults
felt strange, but also kind of exciting.
Can we just do that? I asked. Yeah, why
not? We've still got tents. Still know
how to build a fire. Bring some
marshmallows. Tell stories. Play the old
games, he replied.
There was a long pause. Then Annie sent,
"Fine, but if it rains, I'm sleeping in
the car."
And that was that.
As I pulled up, I noticed Annie. Her car
was already pulled up off the gravel
loop when I arrived, parked just far
enough from the overgrowth to keep her
tires clear. She was out of the car,
arms crossed, lips pressed.
I waved through the windshield, parked
beside her, and stepped out. The air was
cool, and there was a slight breeze that
blew through.
"You're late," she said, not looking up.
"You're early," I grinned.
She gave a half smile. Maybe I just won
the race here.
The trees crept in closer than I
remembered. The old sign that used to
say Camp Grinlow in thick green letters
was just a frame now, dangling
splinters.
Annie strolled over to the pit where the
bell used to hang, poking at the weeds
with her foot.
"You check the cabins yet?" I asked.
She shook her head. By myself? No way. I
figured we'd do it together.
10 minutes later, we heard the crunch of
tires and Max's car around in the bend.
He parked crooked and got out already
chewing gum and wearing a huge grin.
"Took the scenic route," he said,
slamming the door. "And by scenic, I
mean I stopped twice because I thought I
saw a bear. One was a stump. One might
have been a bear.
You brought the tent, right? Annie
asked. He patted the trunk and snacks
and an old speaker.
He looked around, nodding slowly.
Weird how it feels smaller.
It's not, I said. We're just bigger.
Speak for yourself, Max said, adjusting
the waistband of his shorts. I peaked in
8th grade. We know," and he joked.
We started toward the fire pit, catching
up on each other's weak. The trail was
still there, but the trees leaned in
low, branches low enough to catch his
shoulders.
Annie walked ahead of us, eyes on the
ground, stepping over roots.
To the left, the mess all looked worse.
The windows were gone, and it was
missing a door.
It was strange seeing it all like this.
When we were kids, this place felt
permanent, like it would always be
waiting for us, just as we left it. But
now, the building sagged under their own
weight, paint stripped by years of
weather and abandonment.
When we reached the fire pit, it looked
almost untouched. The benches had sunk a
little, but were still there. The stones
were scattered but familiar, scorched
black, the way we remembered.
Still here, I said.
Max dropped his bag beside a bench and
stretch his arms overhead.
Not bad. I thought we'd be pitching
tents in a field of used needles.
We stayed silent for a moment, letting
it sink in.
Max broke the silence first.
All right. Who's up for some
marshmallows?
He pulled a bag from his pack and tossed
it on the bench. I took out some skewers
we brought and passed them around. Annie
knelt near the fire pit, clearing away
all ash and leaves, and we got the fire
going fast. The wood was dry enough, and
the smoke drifted upward in lazy
streaks.
We roasted in silence at first, letting
the heat take the edge off the air. Max
burned his first one entirely black and
proudly ated him two bites. Annie
laughed at him and methodically turned
us over the flame until it browned
perfectly.
"You guys remember that game?" I asked.
"Statu and songs."
Max's mouth was full, but he mumbled
something that sounded like a yes. Annie
nodded, her eyes were on the fire.
"I don't remember who made it up," I
said. "Oh, Counselor Reed," Annie piped
up. "Of course you still remember his
name." Max rolled his eyes.
The rules started coming back in pieces.
One person stood at the end of the field
with their back turned humming a tune.
Everyone else had to move toward them.
"If they caught you moving when they
turned around and the hum ended, you
were out."
"You used to cheat," Annie said, jabbing
a skewer into Max's arm. "Please, I play
to win," Max said. "It's called having
tactics. pushing people, tripping them,
whatever it takes. You pushed me twice,
she whed. Both times you deserved it.
You were getting cocky. I was eight.
Exactly. You needed humbling. You didn't
win though, I added. No one wants. No,
you didn't. Annie and I said in unison.
Max held up his hands. Look, just
because my brilliance wasn't appreciated
doesn't mean it existed," Annie said.
We laughed for a second, and it was like
we'd never left.
The fire crackled low, dipping into the
quiet. Max leaned back, looking up at
the darkening sky through the trees.
Annie picked at the edge of a
marshmallow bag, folding and unfolding
the plastic in her lap.
Then came a familiar tune,
but this time it was a whistle.
Annie sat upright.
Okay, I know you hid your speaker, Max.
Max tilted his head. You're kidding,
right? That's not me. Seriously? I
asked. You didn't cue something up on
your phone? He held it up. Battery's
almost dead. Been saving it.
We all turned toward the trees where the
sound had come from. The tune came
again. The same rhythm we'd been talking
about.
Max gave Annie a look. You didn't rig
something. Sometime remote thing. She
scoffed. Do I look like I brought a fog
machine, too? You brought back up
marshmallows. He said, "Anything's
possible."
He looked from one to the other, then
grinned.
"All right, one of you plan this. Fess
up."
Annie snorted. "If I went to that much
effort, I'd be filming your reaction."
"Then it's you," Max said, pointing at
me. "You've been quiet." "Not me," I
said. "I figured it was you.
We stood there for a moment, the whistle
drifting through the trees again.
Should we play? Max said with a smirk.
We might as well.
Annie raised an eyebrow.
You're serious? What? Are you scared? He
grinned. No. She huffed, brushing past
him. I just don't want to humor your
prank.
We stepped into the clearing. It hadn't
changed much. The same wide circle that
funneled into a straight part into the
trees. It was marked with half buried
stones. Grass pressed low in patches.
Max rolled his shoulders like it was
warming up for a race as we walked
forward toward the sound off in the
trees.
Then the whistling stopped and we froze
in place, grinning like idiots.
Annie glanced over her shoulder and
mouthed. Still got it.
Max had one foot lifted in the air.
This is weirdly fun.
A second later, the whistle started
again, and this time we sped walked. Max
bumped into me while trying to get
ahead. Annie was already a few strides
ahead of both of us. Her braid bounced
off her back with each step, arms
pumping like she was taking it way too
seriously.
Max laughed and tried to catch up.
"She's going to win," I said. "Not if I
reach her," Max said under his breath,
speeding up to get behind her.
Grinning, Max reached out and shoved
Annie just enough to throw off balance.
As she tumbled forward, the music
stopped and Max froze with his arms
stretched out.
"Max!" she screamed, stumbling forward
as the whistling cut out.
Her body seized, her knees locking, neck
jerking upright.
Her spine twisted so violently we heard
it pop. Her vertebrae bulged against the
skin. Her arms flung outward like she
was being yanked and a wet crack snapped
through the air.
Her body fell limp on the ground.
"Annie," I called out horrified.
"Max remained frozen. The grin on his
face melted. "I didn't push her that
hard," he stuttered, eyes frantic.
Then the whistle started back up like
nothing had happened.
We both rushed forward, dropping to our
knees. Her body was curled unnaturally,
one leg twisted under the other, arms
spled out ahead of her. Her face was
frozen midbreath, eyes wide, mouth half
open.
Max's hand hovered near her but didn't
touch.
She's not. I started struggling to find
my words. "What the hell is happening?"
Max sputtered. I leaned over, pressed my
fingers into her neck, but there was no
pulse.
I didn't know what I was expecting.
She's dead.
The words felt like they didn't belong
to me, as if it wasn't real.
Max backed up, shuddering.
Maybe she hid something, he said,
looking past the body, scanning the dirt
for a rock or a branch or anything,
desperate for anything to prove he
didn't hurt her. She didn't hit
anything. I looked at Max, felt my
throat tighten. You pushed her too hard.
His head snapped toward me. It was a
joke. No, it wasn't. My voice shook. You
killed her. His
mouth opened, but nothing came out. I
watched it land on him all at once. The
guilt, the weight of what he did.
His jaw clenched. He looked down at her
again and backed away like distance
would undo it. "You always had to win,"
I spat. "Even now."
The whistling stopped again. We both
froze instinctively. breath stalled
halfway in our throats.
Annie's body was inches away, broken and
bent. I couldn't look directly at her.
I could hear Max swallow hard, chest
barely rising. His hands were clenched
at his sides, knuckles pale.
The air buzzed with pressure. I felt it
in my spine and the tension creeping up
my neck.
Every second stretched longer than the
one before.
Then the whistling returned. Same
melody, same distance, carried on the
wind like none of this had happened.
My breath came out sharp and Max broke.
He took two steps back, fists in his
hair, eyes wide like they were trying to
blink away what we were both seeing.
No, no, no, no, no. This can't be real,
he began. His voice pitched higher than
I'd ever heard it. Words spilling out
faster.
She was fine. I swear to God, I just We
were messing around. I didn't push her
that hard.
He turned from me, walked a short
circle, then spun back. His mouth moved
like he had more to say, but nothing
came out. His shoulders dropped. Then he
hit his thigh with the side of his fist
so hard it made a dull thud.
She laughed when I burnt the
marshmallow. I was going to give a grief
for it later.
He looked at the clearing, then at me,
and then up into the trees. We were
supposed to hang out this weekend.
That's all, not this.
He swallowed, wiped his face roughly
with both hands, and took one glance at
Annie's body. Then he turned and said,
"Screw this. I'm not doing this, Max.
No." He snapped. I didn't hurt her. I
swear.
He turned and started walking back
toward the campfire fast.
Just as he stepped over the stone
edging, his body arked hard like
something yanked upward from his spine.
The twist was fast and his feet lifted
from the ground as his back contorted
violently.
There was a low crack, then a snap.
Max's arms flailed once, then dropped.
His legs folded in on themselves.
He hit the ground.
I screamed, still crouched over Annie.
He landed face down, limbs crooked.
From where I sat, I could see the base
of his neck bent too far.
I blinked hard, stared through the
flickering light at the edges of the
fire where his body lay crumpled in
slack,
and realization washed over me.
He hadn't killed Annie. The way she fell
and twisted, there was no way that he
did that, especially since he met the
same fate as soon as he left the game
boundaries.
Fear sent pin pricks of electricity
through my body, and an ominous feeling
washed over me.
Whatever this was,
it wasn't natural,
and it had something to do with the game
and the whistling.
If I wanted to survive,
I had to play.
My hands, my back, my legs, all of me
trembled.
When the whistling started back up, it
scraped across my nerves.
I could still hear Annie's voice in my
head, Max's laugh. The bodies weren't
even cold, and I was already thinking
like I was the only one left.
I pressed my hands into the dirt and
begged myself to keep breathing.
This was real. This was happening.
And I had to finish it.
I held my stance. Every part of me
wanted to run, to curl in on myself, to
scream, but the rules were clear. I
couldn't move.
It stopped and it felt like the paws
dragged out.
My knees were tight. I blinked once,
slow and dry.
Then the whistling started up again.
I forced myself up and started to take
shaky step after shaky step. The
distance between me and the whistling
shrank. I could make out a figure in the
dark distance. Its arms hung low and
close to its sides.
The space between us was still wide. I
didn't know how many rounds there would
be or how close I had to get, but the
thought of making it all the way
forward, reaching out and placing a hand
against the thing's body felt
impossible.
But that was the rule. You reach the
host and touch them. That's how you won.
That's what I had to do.
The rhythm carried me forward again. I
moved with it, one step at a time. Every
shift of weight deliberate, every breath
matched to the space between each
whistle.
I was getting closer now. The thing
ahead had shape. The dim glow of the
campfire passed through uneven slits
carved deep into its chest, casting
faint beams into the undergrowth.
Every time it exhaled, a thin column of
air passed through those holes, and the
whistle came with it.
I felt it scrape along my spine. My eyes
kept drifting to the lines of its body,
the exposed ribs, the stiff posture, the
way it stayed fixed in place like it was
waiting for me.
I tried not to think about the final
rule, that I'd have to touch it.
Then my hill struck something. Maybe a
root or a stone buried just enough to
catch the edge of my foot. My balance
pitched. My arm shot forward, but I was
too slow. My ankle rolled underneath me
and I landed hard on my knees and hands.
Pain surged up my leg. The ground
pressed into my palms.
The whistle cut out.
My vision blurred, my ankle throbbed in
sharp pulses.
But I stayed frozen, arms shaking from
the fall, dirt and rocks pressed into
the raw skin of my hands.
Every second that passed made my chest
tighter.
I could feel the pulse of my neck
hammering against the stillness.
I started to imagine my death if I
failed. What part would break first?
Would it twist my head like Max's or
tear through me the way it had Annie?
And then what? Would anyone find us
here? Would it be days later after the
car sat too long in the gravel pulling?
Would the rers's office even bother to
look past the sign?
I thought about my parents. I thought
about Annie's mom. I thought about the
three of us walking to the mess all on
our first day. all of us sunburned and
trying to act cooler than we were. Max
had carried a plastic lightsaber in his
bag and pretended it was an accident.
Annie had rolled her eyes and corrected
the names of all the counselors when we
got them wrong.
That first week, we had barely spoken,
but somehow we'd ended up here years
later together.
And now
they were gone.
The whistle started again. I clenched my
teeth and tried to push myself up. A
spike of pain ran through my foot, white
heart and deep. My ankle had twisted in
the fall badly.
I put a little weight on it and felt the
strain in my joint.
I would have to limp the rest of the
way. I'd have to keep perfect rhythm,
stay completely still, and make it to
the thing on a busted ankle.
I blinked the sweat from my eyes,
swallowed hard, and started forward
again.
The pain made it harder to time my
steps. Each pause left more weight on
the ankle than I could stand.
But I kept moving.
I had to.
The distance between us was maybe 30
feet now, maybe less. Every whistle came
with a fresh jolt of dread, but it also
meant I was still playing, still alive.
That counted for something.
I kept my eyes low, trying not to look
at it again. The way it stood so still,
waiting.
Each breath it took dragged through his
chest like wind through loose pains.
A few more rounds and I'd reach it. If I
could hold my balance, if the ankle
didn't give,
I moved again. Half step, weight,
another.
The whistle stopped.
I froze with my heel halfway up,
struggling to settle it flat without
shaking. The muscle in my legs seized. I
could feel it trying to twitch, trying
to collapse under me. I let my heels
sink gradually, waited for the whistle
to return. The sound of my pulse louder
than the crickets or the wind.
The whistle came again. I moved one
step, then another. My ankle buckled
slightly, but I caught myself.
I was close now, 10 ft, maybe less.
The shape stood tall, still arms set
close to its sides.
Every breath it took pushed another note
into the air.
I stopped, weight on one foot, and
stared.
I could almost see its hands, long
fingers curled slightly inward.
My hand was slick with sweat. I wiped it
against my jeans, braced myself, and
stepped forward again and again.
5T three. Close enough to see the seams
between its ribs. The way the skin held
tort around the frame,
there was a smell like warm metal and
moss. I felt it in my throat.
One more step.
I didn't want to see it any clearer than
I already had. Didn't want to remember
its shape when I closed my eyes later. I
kept them open one last breath, then
shut them tight
and reached.
My fingers landed on something solid and
the whistle stopped.
I stayed frozen, hands still pressed
forward, every nerve wound tight.
My chest hurt from how hard my heart
beat. The pain in my ankle flared,
steady and sharp.
Minutes passed with no sound. No
whistling. But I kept my palm planted
where it was, resting against it.
But finally, I grew impatient, curious.
So I peeled my eyes open.
The thing
was gone
and I was touching a tree.
It took a few seconds for it to register
that it was just a trunk, tall and rough
and solid. Nothing strange about it, no
gaps in the wood.
At first, I hoped I had imagined it all,
but my ankle still screamed hot and
deep. And when I turned around, limping
slowly, dragging the weight of my body
behind me,
I saw the truth.
The fire still burned low. The shadows
flickered, and the bodies of my best
friends were right where I'd left them.
Annie's twisted spine, Max's bent limbs.
The firelight danced over their skin
like it didn't care what had happened,
like this was any other night.
I collapsed just outside the circle,
legs giving out beneath me. All at once,
the emotions I had shoved into a corner
to stay alive came crawling back,
flooding my chest and throat, too fast
to stop.
Then I sobbed from the terror, from the
pain, from the sick throb of loss that
settled into the center of my chest.
I cried for Annie and Max, for the
marshmallows we didn't finish, for the
game we never should have played.
I cried
because I lived
[Music]